Grammar fix / improvements (#2)
Lautenschlager-id/Transfromage: docs/Client.md

>
---
>### client:connectionTime (  )

> >Gets the total time since the account was connected.

Author: o ok ill make correction

> >Gets the total time since the account was connected.

Author: We've decided to keep the change

> >Gets the total time since the account was connected.

Reviewer: We've decided to keep the change

>| C | `int` | ✔ | The C packet. |
>| CC | `int` | ✔ | The CC packet. |
>| f | `function` | ✔ | The function to be triggered when the @C-@CC packets are received. |

> >| append | `boolean` | ✕ | `True` if the function should be appended to the (C, CC) listener, `False` if the function should overwrite the (C, CC) listener. <sub>(default = false)</sub> |

Author: >:( fine i was totally not doing python here

>| C | `int` | ✔ | The C packet. |
>| CC | `int` | ✔ | The CC packet. |
>| f | `function` | ✔ | The function to be triggered when the @C-@CC packets are received. |

> >| append | `boolean` | ✕ | `True` if the function should be appended to the (C, CC) listener, `False` if the function should overwrite the (C, CC) listener. <sub>(default = false)</sub> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>| append | `boolean` | ✕ | 'true' if the function should be appended to the (C, CC) listener, 'false' if the function should overwrite the (C, CC) listener. <sub>(default = false)</sub> |
```

>| :-: | :-: | :-: | - |
>| tribulleId | `int` | ✔ | The tribulle id. |
>| f | `function` | ✔ | The function to be triggered when this tribulle packet is received. |

> >| append | `boolean` | ✕ | `True` if the function should be appended to the (C, CC, tribulle) listener, `False` if the function should overwrite the (C, CC) listener. <sub>(default = false)</sub> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>| append | `boolean` | ✕ | 'true' if the function should be appended to the (C, CC, tribulle) listener, 'false' if the function should overwrite the (C, CC) listener. <sub>(default = false)</sub> |
```

>| :-: | :-: | :-: | - |
>| playerName | `string` | ✔ | The name of player to be recruited. |
>
>Sends a tribe invite to a player.<br>

> >![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that this method will not cover errors if the account is not in a tribe or does not have permissions to invite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that this method will not cover errors if the account is not in a tribe or does not have permissions.
```

>| message | `string` | ✔ | The message. |
>
>Sends a message to a #chat.<br>

> >![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that the character limit for a message is 255 characters, but if the account is new the limit is 80 characters instead. You must set the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that a message has a limit of 80 characters in the first 24 hours after the account creation, and 255 characters later. You must handle the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.
```

>| message | `string` | ✔ | The message. |
>
>Sends a message in the room chat.<br>

> >![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that the character limit for a message is 255 characters, but if the account is new the limit is 80 characters instead. You must set the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that a message has a limit of 80 characters in the first 24 hours after the account creation, and 255 characters later. You must handle the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.
```

>| message | `string` | ✔ | The message. |
>
>Sends a message to the tribe chat.<br>

> >![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that the character limit for a message is 255 characters, but if the account is new the limit is 80 characters instead. You must set the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that a message has a limit of 80 characters in the first 24 hours after the account creation, and 255 characters later. You must handle the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.
```

>
>
---
>### client:sendWhisper ( targetUser, message )
>| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
>| :-: | :-: | :-: | - |
>| message | `string` | ✔ | The message. |
>| targetUser | `string` | ✔ | The user who will recieve the whisper. |
>
>Sends a whisper to an user.<br>

> >![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that the character limit for a message is 255 characters, but if the account is new the limit is 80 characters instead. You must set the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that a message has a limit of 80 characters in the first 24 hours after the account creation, and 255 characters later. You must handle the limit yourself or the bot may get disconnected.
```

>
---
>### client:setCommunity ( community )
>| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
>| :-: | :-: | :-: | - |
>| community | `string`, `int` | ✕ | An enum from [community](Enum.md#community-int). (index or value) <sub>(default = EN)</sub> |
>
>Sets the community the bot will connect to.<br>
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) This method must be called before the [start](Client.md#clientstart--self-tfmid-token-).
>
---
>### client:setTribeMemberRole ( memberName, roleId )
>| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
>| :-: | :-: | :-: | - |
>| memberName | `string` | ✔ | The name of the member to get the role. |

> >| roleId | `int` | ✔ | The role id. (starts from 0, the initial role, increases until the Chief role) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>| roleId | `int` | ✔ | The role id. (starts from 0, the initial role, and goes until the Chief role) |
```

>
>Sets the role of a member in the tribe.<br>

> >![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that this method will not cover errors if the account is not in a tribe or do not have permissions to change member ranks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>![/!\\](http://images.atelier801.com/168395f0cbc.png) Note that this method will not cover errors if the account is not in a tribe or do not have permissions.
```
